Top stories - Google News
Biden curses Fox News reporter after he asks about inflation - Reuters
Pentagon puts 8,500 troops on 'heightened alert' as U.S. weighs military action against Russia - NBC News
California bill removes 'belief' exemption to school COVID-19 vaccination - KCRA Sacramento
New York state supreme court judge strikes down mask mandate - CNN
Fulton judges greenlight special grand jury for Trump probe - The Atlanta Journal Constitution
L.A. County seeing more fatalities from Omicron - Los Angeles Times
Defense: Chauvin called 'all of the shots' when Floyd killed - Associated Press
TBI identifies man arrested in connection to the death of a Robertson County deputy - Tennessean
What happened to Lauren Smith-Fields? Cause of death revealed for 23-year-old woman found dead after date - WLS-TV
Alabama's new congressional map blocked by judges - POLITICO - POLITICO
US places up to 8,500 troops on alert for possible deployment to Eastern Europe amid Russia tensions - CNN
DHS says U.S. on "heightened alert" for Russian cyberattack - CBS News
Burkina Faso President Ousted in Military Coup - The New York Times
Australia says WeChat has removed the account of its Prime Minister - CNN
Buckle up: U.S. stock futures sink after wild day on Wall Street - MarketWatch
Asian shares, U.S. futures slide as traders fret about Ukraine, rate rises - Reuters
Ford shuts off orders for new $20,000 Maverick pickup - Fox Business
Marmite maker to cut thousands of jobs worldwide - BBC News
Google has a Wordle Easter egg and it’s cute, okay - TechCrunch
At long last, Nvidia and AMD GPU street prices are beginning to drop - The Verge
Google’s next Chromecast with Google TV may be a 1080p budget model - Engadget
Samsung Galaxy S21 FE vs. Google Pixel 6: Which phone is right for you? - CNN
Neil Young wants Spotify to pull his music due to Joe Rogan's vaccine misinformation on platform - USA TODAY
Abigail Disney slams Disney, corporate greed in Sundance doc - Los Angeles Times
Taylor Swift condemns Damon Albarn’s ‘completely false’ claim that she doesn’t write her own songs - The Independent
Evan Rachel Wood Says Marilyn Manson Raped Her On Set - The Cut
How the Chiefs and Bills Set a Record for Playoff Thrills - The New York Times
Rob Gronkowski fires off cryptic tweet about NFL future - Fox News
Matt LaFleur: Packers brass 'all on the same page' in wanting Aaron Rodgers back - Yahoo Sports
Hall of Fame doors likely to remain shut for Barry Bonds and Rogers Clemens, and that’s too bad - Tampa Bay Times
Webb Space Telescope Reaches Destination a Million Miles From Earth – Achieves “Halo” Orbit Around L2 - SciTechDaily
SpaceX Dragon splashes down off Florida coast with nearly 5000 pounds of science on board - Space.com
NASA Pays Tribute to Fallen Heroes with Day of Remembrance - NASA
Did eating meat make us human? New research casts some doubt - NBC News
Do I really need to get a COVID-19 booster? CDC real-world study confirms effectiveness - Yahoo News
People Who Have Had Omicron Don't Necessarily Have COVID Immunity — Here's Why They Should Stay Cautious - Yahoo! Voices
Not seen in 5 years: USDA issues alert over bird flu concerns - WJW FOX 8 News Cleveland
Half of children hospitalized with COVID develop headaches, altered mental state - Study Finds
