Top stories - Google News
Production crew for Stephen Colbert's "Late Show" detained in congressional building near U.S. Capitol - CBS News
Ukraine moves closer to joining the EU; Zelenskky says historic decision will help to defeat Russia - CNBC
What the Jan. 6 Hearings Have Revealed So Far - The New York Times
White House: Florida doctors can order under-5 COVID shots - ABC News
Watergate 50th meets Jan. 6. Common thread: Thirst for power - The Associated Press
‘Impeachment No. 3’: Jan. 6 panel isn’t swaying these swing-state Republicans - NBC News
Trump hits Pence over Jan. 6 role as possible GOP 2024 hopefuls gather - The Washington Post
From dry to deluge, how heavy snow, rain flooded Yellowstone - The Associated Press
Gunman kills 3 seniors over potluck dinner at Alabama church - WRAL News
The FDA authorizes COVID-19 shots for infants and preschoolers - NPR
Biden says he's been briefed on Americans missing in Ukraine and urges against travel to the nation - CNN
Colombia’s Election Is Latest Blow to Latin America’s Political Center - The Wall Street Journal
Dom Phillips, British correspondent in Brazil, dies at 57 - The Washington Post
Russia frees captive medic who filmed Mariupol's horror - The Associated Press
Are foreclosures coming? Here are the mortgage market red flags - CNBC Television
US must re-examine risks of glyphosate, key Roundup weed-killer ingredient - The Guardian US
Flight cancelled? Pete Buttigieg is telling airlines to step up their game - NPR
SpaceX reported to fire employees critical of CEO Elon Musk - The Associated Press
The US has a long way to go before adopting a universal charger policy - Ars Technica
CRISIS CORE –FINAL FANTASY VII– REUNION Announcement Trailer - Nintendo Switch - Nintendo
M2 MacBook Pro facing supply issues; what does it mean for the new MacBook Air? - 9to5Mac
Internet Explorer gravestone goes viral in South Korea - Reuters.com
Vince McMahon takes 'Smackdown' stage after misconduct allegations emerge - CNN
The Bachelorette’s Michelle Young and Nayte Olukoya Break Up 6 Months After Finale Airs - E! NEWS
Amber Heard Says Her Therapist’s Notes, Excluded From Johnny Depp Trial, Would Have Made A Difference In Jury’s Verdict - Deadline
Kim Kardashian explains why Pete Davidson thought Reign's name was Raymond - Page Six
Warriors Return Home With Larry O'Brien Championship Trophy in Hand - NBC Bay Area
Collin Morikawa soars to top of U.S. Open leaderboard with 4-under 66; tied with Joel Dahmen after 2 rounds - ESPN
Mark Jackson takes subtle jab at Steph Curry after NBA Finals MVP nod - NBC Sports
Rendon to have season-ending wrist surgery - MLB.com
Strange, Isolated Group of Polar Bears Discovered in Greenland - Gizmodo
SpaceX set to launch Starlink satellites on booster's 13th flight - NASASpaceFlight.com - NASASpaceflight.com
NASA spots ‘shiny metal foil’ on Mars in strange photo – can you solve the mystery? - New York Post
The James Webb Space Telescope: Prepare for a New Way To See the Universe - SciTechDaily
Uterine Cancer Is on the Rise, Especially Among Black Women - The New York Times
Long COVID 20-50% less likely after omicron than delta in vaccinated people - Ars Technica
How to Lower Your Risk of Getting Monkeypox During Sex - Lifehacker
First case of human monkeypox reported in Maryland - Delmarva Now
